# So how exactly does this code work?
The file that ends up being run is the index.js file. If you are looking at the code, there are a decent amount of comments there to explain what is going on - but I'll try to cover all of that here as well. Right at the start of the program, a quick file called error.js will be ran that will verify that everything required is there - like checking that the right version of node is installed, that all the modules are there, that there are no missing files, etc. After this, the client is created, and the reader.js file is ran. This file essentially attempts to find a botconfig file, and when it does compile the data in it. It will make sure that the required keys in the config like ownerID and token are there, and also check  if any optional keys are present. If some optional keys are not present, it will apply the default values for the not present keys. Going back to our main index file, after this has happened the bot will start loading in the commands.

## Handlers
First, the bot will create two collections for the command names and the alias(es) for each respective command. A collection is part of Discord.js and is essentially Javascript's native Map class with a bit more features. After this, each of the command, console, and event javascript handler files are ran with the bot parameter provided. We'll talk about each of these files in a moment, but to finish the index.js file, the only thing left to do is to log into the bot with the token provided from the botconfig file. 

### Command Handler
This file begins by scrolling through the commands folder, and finding all of the javascript files present. As it goes through each of them, it will add the command name to the commands collection that we created back in the index.js file, as well as add the command code to the collection. Then it will also go through each of the aliases and set the aliases equal to the command name. 

### Console Handler
This handler is actually pretty unneeded so I'm going to briefly summarize what it does. It simply allows the user to type messages into the console if they type send first, and then have the bot say those messages in a discord channel. Why this exists? I'm not exactly sure, but do with it what you will. If this is useful to you for whatever reason, simply open the console.js file, go to line 18, and replace the text inside the quotation marks with the channel ID you want to be able to speak in through the console.

### Event Handler
Discord.js has a set of events that are ran each time something happens - For example there is an event for when a message is said, or for when the bot initially joins a discord server. The three events this bot uses (feel welcome to add more) are ready, guildCreate, and message. The ready event is ran when the bot first comes online. It will set the bot's status, and pass in some of the parameters that can be used in the commands. The guildCreate event is ran when the bot joins a guild, and the bot will simply find what it presumes to be the general channel, and send a message announcing its arrival there. Lastly, the final event is the message event, which is ran every time a message is sent. It will begin by making sure to only read messages that start with the bots prefix - which is default set to $ although you can change this in your botconfig.json file. If the message does start with the prefix, the bot will quickly check if the message contains the name of a command, and if yes, it will attempt to run said command. There is also a filter system which will require users to wait 3.5 seconds in between each command (because the discord API can get very angry if the bot is sending messages too fast). That being said this cooldown is automatically bypassed if you are the owner. 

## Commands
The commands are all a bit too complicated to explain here, but they are all generally similar. If you want to know how they work or if you want to make one of your own, I recommend trying to look through some of the command files, reading the comments and code, and trying to understand it. 

I also haven't mentioned plugins which are quickly checked for during the ready event, so if you are interested in that see the README.md in the plugins folder.